Liss and so I've gotten a couple
requests for the Spanish series on
Netflix called elite that's pretty much
a high school telenovela at first I
thought this thing was like a reboot of
rebelde but it's more of an unrated
version of Pretty Little Liars with
subtitles as super important to know y
en espanol pero what I don't intend
though is how bad dumping is on almost
every Netflix show so subs overdubs
everyday this show takes place in Espana
so you know they go heavy on the lifts
and when they realize that someone at
the school got murdered they all go I
think it's worth the binge for its eight
episodes it's steamy its melodramatic
and they're clearly aiming to have a
second season even though I think it's
better that it just has one let me
explain so right off the bat this thing
has a pretty elite title showing you how
everyone is going to marry each other
and they're coming from opposite ends we
got these three kids who arrived at this
preppy school after an incident that
happened in the previous one two of them
got scholarships for using their head
well the third one Christian got their
because he got hit in the head all the
trust fund kids looked down on them
because they're considered too poor to
be in their presence which I mean the
last school was so bad the roof fell on
their head so they kind of have a point
he got Samuel who I would say feels like
the main character in the series he's
one of the three who got a scholarship
to come to this school and right away my
man falls in love with Spanish Emmy
Rossum problem is that his brother just
got out of jail as well and that dude
doesn't just look like Jon Bernthal he's
got his anger to and the man swoops up
his brother's girl the big deal with the
show is that marina the one who the two
brothers like gets murdered and so we're
seeing these flash-forwards of everyone
getting interrogated as we lead up to it
and even though she's one of the rich
kids it kind of sucked that she died cuz
I thought she was one of the better
characters she was pretty cool she
wasn't stuck-up and so we learned the
marina [ __ ] of what she do
[Music]
it turns out that like half of my
college credits it's not transferable
but like you still got to let non know
her brother Guzman is like ultra
protective of her right this man even
refuses to believe that his sister got
it because she was sleeping around to
him she's a freaking angel mother Teresa
he wants to believe that she
accidentally tripped slipped and landed
on some dudes Guzman's adopted but he
quickly also adopts the lifestyle of
being a douche especially since his
girlfriend Lewis worst in him right
here's a point where they devised a plan
to screw with the third scholarship
student named Nadia because she's like
the penny proud of the school the thing
is that everyone's trying to get this
Ivy League trophy that'll get him a full
ride to this University in Florida but
only one student can get it that's why
lude the man's goose man to seduce Ned
to brew a plan that screws her cuz
Guzman actually starts falling for the
girl Maddy has a brother named Omar
who's a drug dealer so his dad just
wants to lock him up in a closet not
realizing that Omar's already coming out
of it he starts a little fling with
Anders who's the principal's son and
Guzman's right-hand man before he
becomes Omar's left-hand man and these
two are like the only ones in the show
right Omar and Anders who I actually was
rooting for because they were never
doing anything bad to anyone else they
just should have ran away and escaped
all the pressures of their parents and
the craziness of these three now to me
Christian is a straight-up cartoon which
is why I guess I can kind of relate to
him to a degree this man knows he
doesn't belong in the school cuz he just
got in because of an accident so he
tries to make the best of it he's a
complete buffoon and even on the first
day he's all ready to work on a group
project with a girl not realizing that
it involves three partners Carla right
here maybe the background friend right
like you see her at first and you think
she's the Amanda Seyfried freed of the
group who's cute and innocent you know
the one who stands behind the Mean Girls
not realizing she's the conniving one
first off she has polo whimper and Marco
in his little hidden corner as she gets
off makes Christian believe that he's
fitting in but only physically and when
it comes to cover-ups this chick is
Skyler white bad see by the time they're
all getting interrogated in the future
trying to figure out who did the murder
it ends up being almost anyone right
like marina ends up pregnant with nanos
kids so the cops can easily think that
he's got probable cause even though he
just wanted to run away with her it
could also be Samuel since he realizes
that the girl he likes is a lying
thieving adulterer at heart with his
brother Nadia's mad at her because she
snitched on her brother for selling
drugs which means onder's is too since
that's his boo she has the teacher on
edge because he did this no money no not
any money which is why teachers never
confiscate those phones her brother
Guzman is always angry so you could have
just had a fit
she's also backstabbed her family by
stealing their expensive watches that
have these secret USB drives in there
because she wants to run away and that
gets Carla mad because that blackmailing
also involves her dad so by the end of
it when she finally ends up being the
one who wins the award ain't nobody care
about her except soy boy Samuel I'm
sorry that people are so jealous of me
but I can't help it that I'm popular
what's dumb about it is that by the
final episode where everything's
starting to get connected she's still
considering running away so she doesn't
really even need the trophy but Samuel
tries to convince her to stay and she's
like nah I'm leaving and she calls nano
and says no I'm staying
polo goes to talk to her only because he
wants to steal back to watch thinking
that somehow he'll be able to get Carla
all back for himself but when marina
mocks him dude congratulate her with her
own trophy pulls a cane enable and dips
but I mean you gotta watch back
like I said Carla comes in looking like
the CDA during a 23-19 she cleans up
everything she gets rid of the murder
weapon toast bolo that if he can take a
he can take his secret to the grave but
because my Tina survive long enough to
die in nanos arm when he arrived to run
away with her he gets charged with it
and goes to jail again lose like the
only one who's happy kind of because I
guess by default she's gonna get the
scholarship however her boyfriend Guzman
starts pulling a sonic the hedghog
because he's super depressed crazy Carl
is acting like nothing ever happened
these two should still consider running
away and someone tells Christian who's
one of the only ones who knows the truth
that he's going to do anything in his
power to save his brother because that's
his blood leading us to believe that in
season two we will get to the bottom of
things and find justice and y'all
thought East High had some drama thank
you guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section like I said I'm
very curious to see what Netflix is
gonna do next I know like with dark
that's one that you guys have been
recommending a lot they've been able to
do a lot of not just movies but series
and other languages that are filmed in
other places and that's it this one is
its melodramatic
it is a telenovela pretty much I'm
curious to see what they do with season
2 even though I feel like they're gonna
drag it out because like the whole point
of season 2 is is making everything be
normal and okay when that's not the
world that they've built up so I don't
think you're gonna find justice in
season 2 and if you do it's gonna
back-end everything they did but ok so
know your thoughts about this don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a free subscription to
Telemundo